Hi, guys.
Walker.
Now, over here, we are going to have a test which is going to say prize.
And over here, we're going to have the price of the products.
Okay.
Now, to do this, I need to go back to our this code.
Now we're going to be doing this.
We send the column.
Right.
But it's going to be half side the row because we do not want anything to be displayed.
Photo by.
Right.
Okay.
So now we can hard to cover.
Now as well, we are going to be using the raw widgets, right?
Because they're going to have two widgets.
One is going to be here and the other is going to be.
Okay.
So this is going to be children's.
To drain.
Via Canada Trail cover.
Okay.
The first chart is going to be a test widget and it's just going to say price.
You're going to see that via.
Okay.
Now as well.
You can guess or cite this.
There's going to be a test tie.
And we can give a font size of 16 and font weight.
Font.
I think we have some tweets.
It's going to be fun with.
But I think.
Fun needs.
That have a great it's okay so w 500.
Okay.
Now we can use control and s to save.
Now, quick, check it out.
Okay.
Okay?
Yeah.
Now we can then add it to the cover and we can then have other tests.
Right.
And this is going to be the price.
We can't just say 600.
Right this underage addiction cover and you can either this.
For the size of 16 as well.
And.
Phones with.
That's okay.
Can Israel uses 500.
I think we need.
Okay.
The true coma and actual coma and yes, contrariness.
Save.
I think they are way too close.
So what we can then do over here, we can have a size box.
This is going to be with us, right?
Because you are given.
This is a resource, Ali.
We can see ten.
Okay.
Now he's got to finance to save.
Great.
Now that we can use the.
The back slots.
Sorry.
Yeah.
That's is the dollar sign.
So I think there's going to be this okay.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing to do is you're going to come back from this route, right?
Okay.
Because we don't want anything to be displayed.
As well.
Okay.
So over here, we're going to have another row.
And there's going to be children.
Okay.
Now, what we can just do to easy our life, we can then just copy this.
Copy this.
And.
We can then piece this.
Okay.
This is going to be solved.
Twitter.
So to do.
And you can just.
$1,000.
Okay.
I think they are way too close.
So we can't do this over here.
We can't see this size box.
Size of the space.
We are given the space vertically that is from top to bottom.
So this will be.
Heights.
Right.
Okay.
Did you cover?
Great.
Okay, change this call or we can just get rid of this.
This board.
So we can't do it for the test.
Well, for the price, we can just get rid of this.
And for Luke it is a Adekola is very close.
The pink.
Okay.
Editorial cover in this country initiative.
Now what we can then do is over.
The code we can use across us elements, across US elements.
Those thoughts were actually started from the hedge.
Okay.
Cross.
As I said, I made a start.
Okay.
Nice.
Not starting from the end because we already have this power then, right?
Okay.
We're down just by the.
I think.
Yeah.
Okay.
Ready out this panel for the top as well.
And you can see.
The size box.
So that's why it's not starting from this edge.
Okay.
Therefore, we should get rid of this.
You're going to see.
He's going to start from the hedge.
Okay.
You can see there are all boats in the same line.
So we can have that back.
Okay.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.